Add sticky behaviour to d2l-list-header. (#2164)
BrightspaceUI/core: components/list/README.md

| Property | Type | Description |
|---|---|---|
| `no-selection` | Boolean | Whether to render select-all and selection summary |

> | `no-sticky` | Boolean | Whether to enable sticky positioning for the header |

Reviewer: Nit: technically it's not whether to enable it, but whether to disable it

```suggestion
| `no-sticky` | Boolean | Disables sticky positioning for the header |
```
